chore(docs): small documentation improvements (#1948)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/concepts/stacks.mdx

multiple-stacks-production-eu   cdktf.out/stacks/multiple-stacks-production-eu
```

> You can deploy and destroy multiple stacks at once by specifying multiple stacks in the `cdktf deploy` and `cdktf destroy` command or by using a wild card glob `cdktf deploy '*-production'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy and destroy multiple stacks at once, either specify multiple stacks in the `cdktf deploy` and `cdktf destroy` command or use a wild card glob (e.g., `cdktf deploy '*-production'`).
```

> Visit our [best practices](/cdktf/create-and-deploy/best-practices#separate-business-units-with-stacks) to find out how stacks should be strucutred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Best Practices](/cdktf/create-and-deploy/best-practices#separate-business-units-with-stacks) for more details about when to create multiple stacks and how to structure them.
```
